Review and update Docker Compose instructions (#2994)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/installation/server-setups/docker-compose.md

---
#https://www.notion.so/n8n/Frontmatter-432c2b8dff1f43d4b1c8d20075510fe4
contentType: tutorial
description: Install and run n8n using Docker Compose
---

# Docker-Compose

If you have already installed Docker and Docker-Compose, then you can start with [step 3](#3-dns-setup).

You can find Docker Compose configurations for various architectures in the [n8n-hosting repository](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-hosting).

--8<-- "_snippets/self-hosting/warning.md"

--8<-- "_snippets/self-hosting/installation/latest-next-version.md"

## 1. Install Docker and Docker Compose

> How you install Docker and Docker Compose can vary depending on the Linux distribution you use. You can find detailed instructions in [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installation documentation. The following example is for Ubuntu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How you install Docker and Docker Compose can vary depending on the Linux distribution you use. You can find detailed instructions in both the [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installation documentation. The following example is for Ubuntu:
```

Author: Good catch! I think I removed some things from this sentence and forgot to read the whole thing again :smile:

```bash
# Remove incompatible or out of date Docker implementations if they exist
for pkg in docker.io docker-doc docker-compose docker-compose-v2 podman-docker containerd runc; do sudo apt-get remove $pkg; done
# Install prereq packages
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install ca-certificates curl
# Download the repo signing key
sudo install -m 0755 -d /etc/apt/keyrings
sudo curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg -o /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.asc
sudo chmod a+r /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.asc
# Configure the repository
echo "deb [arch=$(dpkg --print-architecture) signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/docker.asc] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu $(. /etc/os-release && echo "${UBUNTU_CODENAME:-$VERSION_CODENAME}") stable" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list > /dev/null

# Update and install Docker and Docker Compose
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-buildx-plugin docker-compose-plugin
```

Verify that Docker and Docker Compose are available by typing:

```bash
docker --version
docker compose version
```

## 2. Optional: Non-root user access

> You can optionally grant access to run docker without the `sudo` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally grant access to run Docker without the `sudo` command.
```

To grant access to the user that you're currently logged in with (assuming they have `sudo` access), run:

```bash
sudo usermod -aG docker ${USER}
# Register the `docker` group memebership with current session without changing your primary group
exec sg docker newgrp
```

To grant access to a different user, type the following, substituting `<USER_TO_RUN_DOCKER>` with the appropriate username:

```bash
sudo usermod -aG docker <USER_TO_RUN_DOCKER>
```

> You will need to run `exec sg docker newgrp` from any of that user's existing sessions for it to access its new group permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to run `exec sg docker newgrp` from any of that user's existing sessions to access the new group permissions.
```
?
